-- Participant 7

Good afternoon. Thank you for agreeing to participate in our research today. My name is Andrew and. I'm with stickerme.com. We're in the process of creating personas to help us better understand our customers and improve our website. The interview should take approximately 15 minutes. We'll be recording the session to ensure accuracy, but we won't be sharing the recording with anyone outside of our team, I promise. Do you have any questions before we get started? OK. Do you use stickers? OK, great. Can you tell me your age? 

I'm 61. 

61 and what is your occupation? 

I own a skate shop. 

OK. Are you a parent? OK. How many kids do? You have and. What are their ages? 

I have 3. Ones 32, the other is 28 and my daughter is 21. 

OK, why do you purchase stickers? 

Because my clientele demands to have stickers because they love to. Put plaster stickers all over the boards. 

OK, great. 

With the decks. 

So if I were to ask how you. Use them then. As handouts for customers. 

Hands well, because it's always great to have free advertising, whether they like to have the others is or they always want to have. If if they go to my store, they'll want to put one that they they use on my you know. 

OK. And do you charge customers for the? Or do you give them wine? 

I give them away. It's promotional that it helps expand the brand and recognition. 

OK, OK. How often do you purchase stickers? 

Oh, once a month. 

OK. If you had to rank them in order of importance, with one being the most important and four being the least important, how would you identify the following factors when purchasing stickers? The four items are price. Quality licensing that would be like Disney or sports teams or things like that and customization. So price quality, licensing and customization. 

Well, prices, because you know, I'm giving them away. So I do care about price. Customization is always great because you know you have like a special or different colors or pride week or whatever's going on. You want to be able to have that incorporated in our logo and promos that people like quality, yeah. 

OK. 

Because I mean. These these things get beat up. They kind of like them beat up, but still. 

So custom or licensing rather. 

No, no. 

OK. 

They they purchased those from me. They can. But then I have to pay the license. 

Got you. OK. Have you purchased stickers from stickerme.com? 

Yes, I have. 

OK. Have you purchased stickers from other online? 

Vendors I have. So who, again? Etsy stickerme.com too. I don't know, sorry. 

OK, great. Have you ever, it sounds like you have customized your own stickers. And how do you go about doing that? 

I customizing. 

Yeah, customizing, you know, coming up with custom stickers. 

Oh, they go to the site. They'll they'll usually have a site that they have a part that says customize. There then it depends on how they do a gig. You can look and find out what the size you want the color format, font, all that. 

OK, great. Have you ever purchased stickers as a gift for someone else? If what was the occasion? 

My anniversary. 

Oh, nice. OK. As far as using websites for sticker purchasing, what do you look for when you're? On a sticker website. 

Ease of use searchability. 

OK. And is search your primary method for navigating the website or do you do you use others? 

As well, I yeah, I kind of know what I want. So OK. 

How important is customization to you when purchasing stickers? 

It's very important. 

That's it. That's the end of our questions for today. I appreciate you taking the time to participate in our research. Your feedback will help us improve our website and better serve our customers. If you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to us at any time. And since you are a stickerme.com user, please enjoy this free sticker. 

Oh, thanks. 