-- Participant 1

OK. Hi, thank you for agreeing to participate in our research today. My name is Andrew and I'm with stickerme.com. We're in the process of creating personas to help better understand our customers and improve our website. The interview today should take approximately 15 minutes. We'll be recording the session to ensure. You'll see, but I promise you, we won't be sharing the recording with anyone outside of our team. Do you have any questions or concerns before we get started? All right, I guess the. First question is do you purchase or use stickers? 

I do not what, my daughter. Does why purchase them? 

Oh, OK. 

OK. All right. Can you tell me your age? 

I am 41. 

41 years old. OK. And what's your occupation? 

I am. A hair stylist. OK. 

OK. 

And you mentioned that you're a parent. How many kids do you have and what are their ages? 

I have two 116 and the other one my daughter is. 8 My son is 16. 

OK. 

So why do you purchase stickers? 

Because my daughter, who's 8 is obsessed with stickers. 

Oh, OK. And so how does she use them? 

She puts them on everything she has them on her mirror in the bathroom. She has it on her bike. She has it on her backpack. She has it anywhere that she can possibly put a sticker. She puts stickers. 

OK. What kind of stickers does she? 

Like she likes ones that are animal based, like unicorns and bears. She likes branding things like she likes Disney, of course. So little Princess stuff. 

OK. What motivates you to purchase? These stickers. 

She's obsessed with it and she wants a sticker and it's it's it's a fairly cheap thing to have to get her. 

OK. 

How often do you purchase? 

Once a. 

Month probably OK. 

So if you had to rank in order of importance with one being the most important and four being the least important. How would you identify? The following factors when you make a. Decision to purchase stickers. We're looking at price quality. The ability to get license stickers like Disney and and things like that, or the ability to get customized, what would you rank? 

Number one, I would rank #1 the branding. 

OK. OK. 

#2 quality. 

OK. 

Because if you get a bad sticker, it's a. Problem with scratching them off and all. 

I know. That kind of saying. 

Ohh God, it doesn't it it here correctly so price? 

Boy, do I know about that. 

Well, yes, of course I'm you know. And custom. No, she doesn't care about making her own. 

OK. Have you? 

And I don't care to make any either. 

Right. OK, great. Have you purchased stickers from stickerme.com? 

I have. 

Have you purchased stickers from another online vendor? 

Yes, I think Razzle or whatever has. Some. OK, I could be. Wrong about that. 

OK. 

I think I know the answer to this, but have you ever customized? Your own stickers. 

I have no. 

OK. Have you ever purchased this kind of? That's been answered already too. Have you ever purchased tickets for as a gift for someone else? That's funny. OK, So what do you when when we talk about the websites, what do you look for in a sticker website? What features are most important? 

To you to be able to do the filters correctly, you know have really easy. So I don't have to go through a. Whole bunch of stuff like Black Sabbath. 

Whatever skills and. 

Everything get down to the girly stuff, which she carries for most. 

OK. How do you prefer to navigate a? Website When searching for stickers. 

UM. Clarify what that means. 

Like, do you prefer using search or do you prefer like you mentioned filters? It sounds like maybe that's what you like to use. 

If I know what I want. I would do search but I do like filters sometimes like our best sellers in a genre like for women, girls, whatever like they have the. They're categories. 

OK. And again, we touched on this before, but how important is customization to you when purchasing? 

Not very much at. 

All OK. Well, that's. 

It that's the end of the questions for today. Thank you so much for taking time to participate in our research. Your feedback will help us improve our website and better serve our customers. If you have any questions, feel free to reach out to us at. Any time. 

All right. 

Thank you. 