-- Participant 3

All right. Hi and thank you for agreeing to participate in our research today. My name is Andrew and I'm with stickerme.com. We're in the process of creating personas to help us better understand our customers and improve our website. The interview today should take approximately 15 minutes. We'll be recording this session to ensure accuracy, but we won't be sharing the recording with anyone outside of our. Do you have any questions before? We get started. OK, first question is, do you use stickers? 

I do. Oh good. 

And can you tell me your age? 

I am 35. 

35, OK, what's your occupation? 

I'm a wedding planner. 

OK, great. Are you a parent? No. OK, so why do you purchase? 

Stickers because a lot of times the couple will want stickers as part of their favors or their save the date, things like that. 

What kinds of stickers do you like and why? 

Usually ones with. I must say that it's usually the. Ride, who usually drives what the stickers should look like and whatnot, so mostly girly, or ones that have a lot of script like less or Mr. and missus or married AF. That kind of stuff. It's a lot of scripts and a. Lot of flower. Things, things like that, depending on the venue. 

OK, what? OK. And so it sounds like the the motivation for purchasing stickers is a is a client request, is that correct? OK. How often do you do you typically purchase stickers? 

Well, if I'm running. At least three weddings a month or two, I would say twice a month. Three times a month. 

And if you had to rank them in order of importance, with one being most important, four being least important, how would you identify the following factors when purchasing stickers? The factors are price. Quality license stickers, which would be like Marvel Heroes or Disney or things like that or customization. What's the most important? 

Customization for sure, because there is everyone's an individual. 

OK. 

What they think would look great. 

And and second most important on your. 

Price is always something because the budgets when you're getting married there a lot of people do care. 

About that, how about #3 between licensing and quality? 

OK. 

Licensing not so much. Unless you have someone. Who's a told I? Mean there are Disney couples who get married, but usually so, but I would say that branding not so much and quality. I would say branding is much more than quality because it face it there it's it's usually a throw away thing that they're doing. It may be important to the right at the time, but you get your sticker and you go lovely and. Off you go. 

OK. Have you purchased stickers from sticker me dot? Com I have not. OK. Have you purchased? Stickers from another online vendor. Oh yes. Who and if so? 

Who Etsy is really great. So that's probably the number one. Amazon also does. And then there's other to the trade. 

OK. It sounds like then you have customized your own stickers if so. 

How do you go about? How do you go? 

About customizing the stickers. 

Well, I sit down with the couple, find out how they want this, the font. Sometimes I go on ahead of time to look at what I think personally would be. Looks good and then show them a selection, or if they have something. If they're a creative couple, then I go. With what they're doing. 

Have you ever purchased stickers as a gift for someone else? 

I have not. 

As far as websites concerned, what do you look? For in a sticker website, when you're purchasing and customizing. 

I I want to be able to get in. Find what I need as soon as possible. And have narrow it down South that I have a few. Items to show somebody this if they don't have a clue what they want that I can go A/B. CD. 

Do you have a preferred method for navigating the website when you? Search for stickers. 

I like to be able to put it in the search engine and show that I want, you know, a a, a a font or a rustic theme or that kind of a or or elegant wedding sticker. Save the day, that kind of thing. 

And as far as the importance of customization, it sounds like that's. Pretty important is that is that a fair? 

Oh, very much, yes. 

OK. 

All right. Well, thank you. That's the end of our questions for today. I appreciate you taking the time to participate in our research. Your feedback will help us improve. Our website and better. Serve our customers. If you have any questions. Please feel free. To reach out to us at any time. 

Great. Glad to be service. 