-- Participant 6
Hello and thank you for agreeing to participate in our research today. My name is Paul Mira and I'm with stickermeet.com. We're in the process of creating personas to help us better understand our customers and improve our website. The interview should take approximately 15 minutes. We'll be recording this session to ensure accuracy, but we won't be sharing. Recording with anyone outside of our team. Do you have any questions before we get started? Do you use stickers? 

I do. 

Are you 16 years old or older? 

Yes, I am. 

First, can you tell me your age? 

Yeah, my name's Molly, and I am 21 years old, all right. 

Molly, what is your occupation? 

Well, I'm. I'm in college right now, but I guess I can consider myself like a a freelance artist too. 

OK. Are you a parent? Why do you purchase stickers? 

I like to. It's it's a, it's. I like to work in mixed media. Art and stickers is one that I making custom stickers and and putting my art on stickers is a good way to express myself. 

So how do you use them? You've already answered a little bit on. 

That well, yeah. So I'll. I'll take designs that I've come up with or paintings or sketches and I'll create custom. With those and then I'll put them and either give them to my friends or, you know, stick them on. Things I probably shouldn't be sticking them on, but I put them on there anyway. 

What motivates you to purchase stickers? Oh, and what? Kind of stickers do you like and why? 

Well, I I like doing custom stickers with, you know, like abstract art on them, things like that. And I also like like like. Punk and and and like edgy stuff too. For like, you know, like bands and groups that I like, things like that too. 

How often do you purchase stickers? 

Every couple of months or so, it depends if I feel it creative and I got a project going then I'll buy more. 

If you had to rank them in order of importance 1 being the most important and four being the least important, how would you identify the following factors when purchasing stickers, price, quality, license stickers like? This near video games, Marvel Heroes or customization? 

Well, customization would be most important because I have to put my own designs on there and then price. You know, I'm not made of money, so I like to. I like to get value and then. Quality is not really a big deal because most of the time you know they get stuck somewhere that are, you know, they they're not built to last anyway. It's like art. It's ephemeral. And then what was the other? 

One license stickers. 

Oh yeah. I mean, sometimes I'll get like band stickers and things like that, but, but that's not super important. I would say that's probably #3 in quality is #4. 

Have you purchased stickers from stickerme.com? 

Nope, never heard of you. 

Ohh well, have you purchased stickers from an obviously who must have or an other online vendor? 

Yeah, I use Zazzle and Etsy. 

Have you ever customized your own stickers? If so, how did you? Go about doing it. 

Well, it depends on the project. The answer is yes, and sometimes I'll just, you know, be going through my sketch pad and I'll be creating designs in there sometimes if I have an actual mixed media art project, then I will bring in other materials. Sometimes I'll make. Photographs of those materials and include those on a sticker, but generally speaking with the customization. Uhm, I create a file with some artwork on it and then I upload that to the website and then they turn that into a sticker and I choose like what kind of material I want and how you know that type of thing? 

That sounds great. UM, have you ever purchased stickers as a? Gift for someone? Else, and if so, what was the occasion? 

I don't know if you call them gifts. I mean, my friends and I like exchange stickers and, you know, put them on our laptops and, you know, things like that. So I've given my stickers to other people. But yeah. So yeah, I guess. Yes is the answer. 

What do you look? 

For in a secure website, what website features are? Most important to you. 

Well, like I said. I have to be able to upload. My designs. You know and then be given clear. Choices I guess, for like what kind of material and what size I want it to be and. And it's important that I hate it when websites. Don't tell you. Like if your file is too big or if it's not. If it's so small that it's going to be pixelated if you. Make a big six by. Six sticker or something, so that kind of information is important. 

Now, how do you prefer to navigate a website when you're searching for stick? 

Well, I do custom, so I usually just look for the custom button or link or tab or whatever and then I just go there and do and follow the directions. 

How important is customization to you when you're purchasing stickers? 

That's the only reason I mess with them other than if I'm buying like a food sticker or something like that. But yeah, it's really important. 

Well, that's the end of our questions for today. Thank you so much for taking time to participate in our research. Your feedback will help us improve the website and better serve our customers. If you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to us at any time. 

Thank you. 